README.md, before:

## Icons
- [React icons](https://react-icons.github.io/react-icons/) - Svg react icons of popular icon packs using ES6 imports.

## Scroll
- [AOS - Animate on scroll library](https://www.npmjs.com/package/aos) - Animate elements on your page as you scroll.
  
## Cursor
- [React animated cursor](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-animated-cursor) - Awesome animated cursor.

## Form
### Animation
- [Power mode input](https://github.com/lindelof/power-mode-input) - Allow users to animate text while typing.

## Scroll Parallax
- [React Scroll Parallax](https://react-scroll-parallax.damnthat.tv/docs/intro?fbclid=IwAR3tkSF0ReLFAPAgwNeRXMwkfGyXnE5TLgRppsQwR9LE1T5e2oDz863VazQ#demos) - To create parallax scroll effects.

## Notification
- [React toastify](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-toastify) -  Allows you to add notifications to your app with ease

## Miscellaneous
- [React Darkreader](https://github.com/Turkyden/react-darkreader) - A React Hook for adding a dark / night mode to your site inspired by Darkreader.
- [React to pdf](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-to-pdf) - Create pdf documents from React components.

Commit message:

Basic library for Country, State and City

README.md, after:

## Icons
- [React icons](https://react-icons.github.io/react-icons/) - Svg react icons of popular icon packs using ES6 imports.

## Scroll
- [AOS - Animate on scroll library](https://www.npmjs.com/package/aos) - Animate elements on your page as you scroll.
  
## Cursor
- [React animated cursor](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-animated-cursor) - Awesome animated cursor.

## Country, State, City
- [library for Country, State, and City](https://www.npmjs.com/package/country-state-city) - Basic library for Country, State and City.
- 
## Form
### Animation
- [Power mode input](https://github.com/lindelof/power-mode-input) - Allow users to animate text while typing.

## Scroll Parallax
- [React Scroll Parallax](https://react-scroll-parallax.damnthat.tv/docs/intro?fbclid=IwAR3tkSF0ReLFAPAgwNeRXMwkfGyXnE5TLgRppsQwR9LE1T5e2oDz863VazQ#demos) - To create parallax scroll effects.

## Notification
- [React toastify](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-toastify) -  Allows you to add notifications to your app with ease

## Miscellaneous
- [React Darkreader](https://github.com/Turkyden/react-darkreader) - A React Hook for adding a dark / night mode to your site inspired by Darkreader.
- [React to pdf](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-to-pdf) - Create pdf documents from React components.
